## Meetings

### 2022-12-7 at 17:00
Attendees: Ngoc, Antony, and Kim

Meeting Purpose: Pair programming for user profile and home page. Continuation of implementation of follower requirement.

Updates: Multilingual support for Spanish now works for some sections of site. Need to continue to add more translations for the rest of the website. Attaching images to posts also works now, need to format it in a presentable way.

Summarize: This was a work meeting and a continuation of the meeting from the previous day. Flask-Babel and adding image to posts were main additions to the web app. Bugs were fixed with the post requirement and should now work across the site. Progress was made on followers and displaying followers for each user. 

### 2022-12-6 at 13:30
Attendees: Ngoc, Tanveer, Antony, and Kim

Meeting Purpose: Work on implementation of delete account, user home page, user profile, create post, and followers.

Updates: Login, logout, home page, create new post now work. Program has been properly divided into correct files and format. Followers requirement is biggest priority. Can start on replies, posts with images.

Summarize: This meeting was mostly just getting work done and figuring out technical issues. Multiple requirements were taken care of today with pair programming done throughout the day. Milestone 2 contributions were submitted today. Sidebar was added to inherited template, allowing all pages to have it. Meeting for the next day was confirmed.
### 2022-12-3 at 12:00
Attendees: Ngoc, Tanveer, Antony, and Kim

Meeting Purpose: Update on implementation of login, logout, and registration. Also next steps for which requirements to implement and test. Setting up meeting times for the next week.

Updates: Login, logout, registration is now working. User home page, create new post, send messages to followers will be next. Requirements.md file was updated to fix issues and comments the professor provided.

Summarize: 

In this meeting, current requirements that were implemented were checked on and made sure that it worked. Also, schedules were confirmed for future meetings in the next week. Priorities were set on which requirements to implement next. Expectations and deadlines were set for these requirements.

### 2022-11-21 at 19:30
Attendees: Ngoc, Tanveer, Antony, and Kim 

Meeting purpose: Assign roles, work on project proposal, finalize the requirements.

Updates: Antony worked on home page use case. Will work on repo formatting next.

Kimberly worked on viewing user profile use case. Will work on create new post use case next.

Tanveer is currently working on search for a user use case.

Ngoc worked on sending private message to follower(s) use case. Will work on follow users/ visualize connections (whichever we decide on) use case next.

Summarize: 

In this meeting, requirements were finalized for the most part. Use cases were assigned to members to work on. Also, pull requests on GitHub were created as well as formatting changes to the .md files in the repository.

### 2022-11-17 at 10:30

Meeting Purpose: Getting together with group, starting on project proposal.

Updates: The start of the project.

Summarize: The group got together for the first official time. The project proposal was gone over and a second meeting time was set. Work on creating the requirements began.
